Promote IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack support to Beta (#26826)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

   * Provider support for dual-stack networking (Cloud provider or otherwise must be able to provide Kubernetes nodes with routable IPv4/IPv6 network interfaces)
   * A network plugin that supports dual-stack (such as Kubenet or Calico)

## Configure IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack

To configure IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack, set dual-stack cluster network assignments:

   * kube-apiserver:
      * `--service-cluster-ip-range=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
   * kube-controller-manager:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
      * `--service-cluster-ip-range=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
      * `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv4|--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` defaults to /24 for IPv4 and /64 for IPv6
   * kube-proxy:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`

{{< note >}}
An example of an IPv4 CIDR: `10.244.0.0/16` (though you would supply your own address range)

An example of an IPv6 CIDR: `fdXY:IJKL:MNOP:15::/64` (this shows the format but is not a valid address - see [RFC 4193](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4193))

> Starting in 1.21, IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack defaults to true. Disable if necessary on kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager, kubelet, and kube-proxy with `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=false"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 1.21, IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack defaults to true.
You can disable it when necessary by specifying `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=false"`
on the kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager, kubelet, and kube-proxy command line.
```

   * Provider support for dual-stack networking (Cloud provider or otherwise must be able to provide Kubernetes nodes with routable IPv4/IPv6 network interfaces)
   * A network plugin that supports dual-stack (such as Kubenet or Calico)

## Configure IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack

> To configure IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack, set dual-stack cluster network assignments:

Reviewer 2: When features are beta, we typically still mention that the feature gate needs to be enabled, but tweak the wording. This helps people who are using older versions of Kubernetes spot that they might want to swap to reading documentation appropriate for their version.

   * kube-apiserver:
      * `--service-cluster-ip-range=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
   * kube-controller-manager:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
      * `--service-cluster-ip-range=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
      * `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv4|--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` defaults to /24 for IPv4 and /64 for IPv6
   * kube-proxy:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`

{{< note >}}
An example of an IPv4 CIDR: `10.244.0.0/16` (though you would supply your own address range)

An example of an IPv6 CIDR: `fdXY:IJKL:MNOP:15::/64` (this shows the format but is not a valid address - see [RFC 4193](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4193))

> Starting in 1.21, IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack defaults to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in 1.21, IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack defaults to enabled.
```
